feat(admin): document the new out-of-office feature (#11370)
nextcloud/documentation: admin_manual/groupware/out_of_office.rst

=====================
Out-of-office feature
=====================

.. versionadded:: 28.0.0

The out-of-office feature allows users to schedule an out-of-office period including a status and
message that is integrated with other apps such as Nextcloud Mail. Please refer to the user

> documentation for more information about the feature itself. It may be disabled globally by admins.

Reviewer: Does a link exist for the user docs? You could insert it here.

Author: Not yet but we can only link inside the same documentation, AFAIK. So I can't cross-link to the user doc from the admin doc.

Do you know if that is possible?

Reviewer 2: It's not. We can only use absolute links to the deployment host.

The feature relies on users to configure their preferred calendar time zones correctly. However, if
a user does not configure their time zone, the default time zone of the server is used. It can be
configured by setting ``default_timezone`` in the `config.php` file of your Nextcloud server. The
configuration value accepts IANA identifiers like ``Europe/Berlin`` and defaults to ``UTC``. Please
refer to the `Nextcloud configuration` section for more information about the value.

To disable the out-of-office feature for all users the ``hide_absence_settings`` app configuration
value of the `dav` app has to be set to `yes`. This can be achieved by running the following
command on your server:

::

    occ config:app:set --value=yes dav hide_absence_settings

.. note::

    Out-of-office periods that were scheduled before the feature was disabled will not be deleted.
    Disabling it will only hide the feature from the user interface. If the feature is enabled
    again, the periods will be visible again.

> Set its value to `no` or delete it entirely to enable the feature again. The following
> command can be used to do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the value for `hide_absence_settings` to `no` or delete it entirely to enable the feature again. The following
command can be used to do so:
```
